# PythonNetworkingProject
This project is used to automate network and this uses some python packages like netmiko, psutil, scapy, mysql connector, ConnectionHandler.
As python’s versatility as a programming language grown over the years, we find that python is very suitable in the world of network programming too. with growth in cloud computing, network programming has become even a more interesting topic and python has a big role to play. 

We deal with information exchange every day. we would have also come across a lot of cases where we need to set up or used a server-client connection. An example of such a case is searching for some topic on google.in this article, we will learn networking in python, python’s socket module and psutil (process and system utilities) is a cross-platform library for retrieving information on running processes and system utilization in python.it is useful mainly for system monitoring, profiling and limiting process resources and management of running processes.
Python provides two levels of access to network services.at a low level, you can access the basic socket support in the underlying operating system, which allows you to implement clients and servers for both connection-oriented and connectionless protocols. python also has libraries that low-level Access at the low level, you can access the basic socket support of the operating system, you can implement client and server for both connection-oriented and connectionless protocols. High-level Access, at the high level allows to implement protocols like HTTP, FTP etc..,,
